All right.
Welcome back.
We went over the assumptions set ups for these models and now let's take a look at the sales worksheets
so let's first take a look at the simulator sales.
Right.
So these are based on these assumptions here are certain rates and we have some assumptions around the
utilization as well.
So let's take a look.
So the first part.
Anytime we do these models we have to start with the day and month.
That way we can keep track of things as we model out in different worksheets.
One of the first things we do when we're thinking about something that has a certain capacity.
And then you're charging money for the use of that.
Some of that capacity where you want to start off with is making some assumptions around what percentage
of those that capacity is going to be used.
So if you have different day parts you're going to have to make different assumptions about the utilization
right.
So these are assumptions were that daytime rates are going to be less utilize just because people are
at work on the weekdays they're going to be not there on the weekdays at all.
They may be more busy during the day time.
So then in the evening then there should be a higher utilization because in the evenings even if somebody
has the time to go play golf the golf course is dark and it might be cold or it might be raining.
So the evening utilization rates will be higher.
But like most brick and mortar businesses it takes time to get your name out there.
It takes time to get the word out there for people to start finding you.
So it takes time to really ramp up the utilization before it reaches some sort of stabilized rate.
So these were the assumes stabilize utilization rates for for the both the large and the small simulators.
And then there was an assumption around the membership count here in the membership utilization.
This is basically of the hours that are utilized.
What percentage of them are utilized by the members who are getting a discount basically on the hourly
rate.
So that's why we have to track that there.
And here just based on the number of members does the membership dues that are there.
And so then what we do is then we look at the all the deep parts for each of the groups of simulator's.
So we have the private ones and then we look at the weekday versus weekend.
And we also look at daytime versus the evening you know if we change our assumptions about how we have
more of these or we add more private ones then these calculations will automatically update.
So based on the assumptions on the front we looked at how many hours ferse are available.
So daytime hours are available that can be Blease will be the hours available per station per day that
it's open times the number of stations.
Right.
And then times number of days that's operating in that given month.
So we're looking at weekday versus weekend so that when we have these different total possible hours
and then of those hours how many hours are utilized.
And then of the utilize hours what part of it is from members what part of it is from nonmembers and
it gets calculated there.
So we do that for the VIP as well as the semi-private ones weekday day weekends daytime evenings.
We do it for all of them and then we can have all of the revenues and from that we can calculate the
total revenue from nonmembers the total revenue from members and then basically the total revenue from
Seamew lation rentals.
Now once we have that we have daytime and evening time as well we can break that down range but because
during the first few months it's going to be grand opening there's a discount we're going to factor
that discount here see that.
And then we then look at what the final revenue figures are from month 1 and onwards.
So there you go.
That's the simulator hours.
Now what we have down here is basically aggregating some of that information by for that for the year.
So we can look at it by year.
This is good for making summaries.
We see that in the first year we're only assuming that you know the average simulator is averaging 7
hours least out of the 18 hours that's available during the day.
And then when it stabilize from your 2 through 5 it is averaging 11 hours a day.
All right.
The next part is the food and drink assumptions right.
Remember we talked about patrons that are just non-golf offers and then patrons that are golfers.
So that's one of the things we made the distinction for right.
We had this whole part is golfing patrons and then non-coffee patrons.
OK.
All right.
And then from there we made some assumptions around gross sales of food and wine in the front.
We had some assumptions around that words of food food and wine here.
Right.
So we looked at hey what is the average group size that that's really important right because if you
know the larger the group then the larger the orders on average because you're renting.
We're making an estimate how many golfing patrons are there based on the hours that are at least.
Right so each hour that's least we say well what's the average party size that's there.
OK.
So that's what this group number of groups and comes from.
And DAs and from there we can derive the sales for all of these.
And so we have grow sales and then because we we know the margins for them we know what kind of cost
of sales we would need.
And then here would be the revenues from the food and drink for the golfing patrons.
And then we do the same thing for the non-golf patrons.
So we have them here as well.
So then when we combine them we have total food costs food sales.
Technically these should be net revenues so just get to make some corrections even though it's in really
old model that I did before.
OK.
So there we go we have the total food sales.
And again we can summarize them if we want and look at you know whether what's the difference between
alcohol sales and on alcohol sales based on the assumptions and the final sales projections here based
on the assumptions we made around other revenue sources like merchandising and golf lessons and ad revenue.
All right.
Those are the sales pages.
The next part we're going to look at some of the operating expense assumptions on the cost side of it
and then see what it looks like when we combine everything in the summerise.